Why was the strawberry baby crying? Because it's parents were in a jam!
What are the strongest days? Saturday and Sunday, the rest are weekdays
Why don't eggs tell jokes? Because they'd crack each other up!
Why did the teddy bear say no to dessert? Because she was stuffed!
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
Whats the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well dressed man on a bicycle? Attire.
what do you call a clown that uses discord? You!
Whats a bad wizards favorite computer program? Spell check
What are the best parts of living in Switzerland? Well, for starters, the flag is a big plus.
Canada
cum
Fire Emblem Fans
The French
The Aristocrats!
Just beat danganronpa 1
"; DROP TABLE Jokes;"
15 Byleth
Why did the fat old guy like doing geometry in school? Because he was in shape back then!
IS worldbuilding
What do you call a sleepwalking nun? A Roamin’ Catholic!
racc
BZ
Poop jokes arent my favorite type of joke, but they're a solid number two
Nerdsausage3
Why did the american football coach go to the bank? To get his quarterback.
What does a house always wear to a party? Address.
Why did the kid cross the playground? To get to the other slide.
How does a vampire start a letter? Tomb who it concerns..
Computers
Why do Cooks make the best listeners when you have troubles? Because they have lots of thyme!
Why were a, e, i, o, and u feeling sick? They were having vowel movements!
What kind of car does a jedi master drive? A toYODA
You should try these Korean meatballs. They really are the dog's bollocks
Orion
if vegetable oil comes from vegetables, then where does baby oil come from?
!eightball !joke 420 69?
I can't think of anything
^
purge this madness
why are we here, just to suffer?
why did Microsoft jump from Windows 8 to Windows 10? Because Windows 7 8 9!
your mother
your father
Jonah felt very dizzy after being swallowed by a whale. Man, talk about voretigo
the Catgirl from Huniepop is just old enough in cat years to be 18. Sorry, just thought I'd give you paws for thought!
my little pogchamp? The only thing you're "my little" of is importance
"dam" said the fish who swam into a wall
Did you hear about the new digimon so big it blots out the sun? It's called yomammamon
Why does a game go move on from alpha? Because it gets Beta
Why did Microsoft skip to Windows 10? It's because Windows 7 8 9!
Final Fantasy
British weather
*mockingly points at you*
what do you call a soft-hearted sheep? A bleating heart!
What happened to the endless? There's less of them, the end.
test
I recently discovered I'm terrified of elevators, so I'm steps to avoid them
a man, a woman, and a laguz walk into the sun. They die. Because it burns them alive?
I knew a guy with a phobia towards Johto's lettered Pokemon. He just had a fear of the Unown.
Fallen Edelgard walked into a bar. There was no counter
A gingerbread man sits inside a gingerbread house. Is the house made of flesh, or is the man made of house? He screams for he does not know.
I got a new idea, it's a gaming console called the "Eggs box". Betcha noone's cracked that before!
What has four legs and one arm? A happy pit bull!
34 attempts (if you know you know)
What do you call a blind deer? No eye deer.
"We need be careful, someone here is possessed by an owl" 
"Who?"
Why is the non-binary gold prospector moving West? Because there's gold in them/their hills.
Why did Mozart kill all of his chickens? When he asked them who the best composer was, they all replied, "Bach, Bach, Bach."
69
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/384714840976916492/1027221574295760976/7a8.png
https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/887/811/5f9
What do you call a mediocre greatsword? A goodsword!
Why is Askr so cheerful? Because he's always in a good moo-d
How do you fit 5 elephants in a beetle? 2 in the front 3 in the back
